(They have arrived the shooting site)
Kim Lip: We've just arrived here
Kim Lip: The place looks like kind of safari or something
Kim Lip: I'm scared
Kim Lip: How do you think you have to work in such a place?
JinSoul: It's good
Kim Lip: Really?
JinSoul: It's better than to be locked in...
(She just escaped from the basement...)
JinSoul: Hello
JinSoul: This is my first photo shooting as the member of LOOΠΔ
JinSoul: I practiced posing to find my best angle
JinSoul: It's time to shoot
JinSoul: I'm so happy
JinSoul: Because now I'm doing my first photo shoot after releasing from blurring.
JinSoul: But I have something to worry about.
JinSoul: Beacause I want to do it very well.
JinSoul: I'll keep on trying my best to show you the good side of me